19/04/18 meeting minutes - 14:00

Members in attendance: Oliver, Ross, Daniel, Douglas


Discussed the previous weeks work and discussed the recent changes to the UI bar at the top of the screen and how that interfaces with buildings and have decided
that this was a beneficial change and will be kept in the game as it is currently implemented. 

Discussed Ross' changed barracks design theory. Decided not to implement any more major changes to the game due to the time constraint of the project.

Discussed the previous weeks playtesting feedback and balancing considerations going forward.

Discussed what parts of the project need to be re-visited to ensure that everything is up to a reasonable quality

Meeting end: 15:00